# packages in environment at /home/antonio/anaconda3/envs/metric:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    anaconda
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    anaconda
ca-certificates           2023.05.30           h06a4308_0  
certifi                   2023.5.7         py39h06a4308_0  
charset-normalizer        3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
cmake                     3.26.3                   pypi_0    pypi
cudatoolkit               11.3.1               h2bc3f7f_2  
cudnn                     8.2.1                cuda11.3_0    anaconda
deepl                     1.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2023.5.0                 pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.4                      pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.38                 h1181459_1    anaconda
libffi                    3.4.2                h6a678d5_6    anaconda
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    anaconda
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    anaconda
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    anaconda
lit                       16.0.3                   pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0    anaconda
networkx                  3.1                      pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.24.3                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cublas-cu11        11.10.3.66               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11    11.7.101                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11    11.7.99                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11  11.7.99                  pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cudnn-cu11         8.5.0.96                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cufft-cu11         10.9.0.58                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-curand-cu11        10.2.10.91               pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusolver-cu11      11.4.0.1                 pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-cusparse-cu11      11.7.4.91                pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nccl-cu11          2.14.3                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-nvtx-cu11          11.7.91                  pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1u               h7f8727e_0  
packaging                 23.1                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    9.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       22.3.1           py39h06a4308_0    anaconda
python                    3.9.16               h7a1cb2a_0    anaconda
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0                      pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    anaconda
regex                     2023.5.5                 pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.30.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.1.99                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                65.6.3           py39h06a4308_0    anaconda
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.40.1               h5082296_0    anaconda
sympy                     1.11.1                   pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h1ccaba5_0    anaconda
tokenizers                0.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.15.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.65.0                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.28.1                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
xz                        5.2.10               h5eee18b_1    anaconda
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_0    anaconda
